they were told they would be safe
here why have you left us behind why dad
why the father was among those killed in
an Israeli air strike on a mos in RAF on
Wednesday a place Israeli forces had
told Palestinians to evacuate to as ped
the north but the bombs came for them
anyway he was praying in the mosque and
while he was outside the bombing
happened and he was killed may God have
mercy on his soul my sister her husband
and daughter were in the same area and
they were very affected but it was her
husband who was killed Israeli forces
Shield two homes the Ali mosque and the
hospital in
Rafa my mother she was always good to
me another Mor in Rafa more families the
same disappear this as Israeli forces
announced had stro 230 targets across
Gaza over a 24-hour
period all the people are civilians
there are no combatants they don't kill
militants they kill children and Destroy
people's
homes outside the bodies by love those
Left Behind Salvage what they can and
try to survive one more day
until the next
strike as Palestinians Escape attacks in
the north Israel's unrelenting
bombardment of the South leaves people
completely vulnerable and unsafe even in
the places where they are taking Refuge
as more and more of those areas are
reduced to rle Tark abaz Al jazer rafah
in the south of
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest new news from
Al
jazer